[Music]
Listen Bahani, a new style of protection has arrived
Such a Chai Lord has brought the best companion with
amazing cashless plan Promise of
correct claim Assurance of no one at every turn
[Music]
Fasa Lund Elevate Health Insurance
Plan You will get a true companion of health insurance
Complete
claim of protection Fulfills promises
always with you This is the best Give new
assurance to everyone Think of a policy of 10 lakhs
Get a claim of 50 lakhs Super loyalty bonus on every 7
Insurance value keeps growing
Chronic disease BP, diabetes, asthma, just BT
covered in a day Unbelievers
[Music]
Get any rate guaranteed
No limit on modern treatment Complete eye treatment too
Health check up every year The
magic of unlimited restoration This is your protection I want to trust This is the
breakthrough I will give you the
true companion of health insurance
Complete claim of protection Fulfills promises
always with you This is the best Give everyone the
real assurance of protection
Twice to your family with this Chillum Bird Elevate
Plan All worries will be gone  You wo
n't get any chit-chat, you will get it straight from the heart. This
new era of health insurance makes the future
bright. Well, why worry,
protect your family today with IC Loan Plan. Zilos
Collection is the best plan in India.
Salmon IC Loan Plan. The
real name of health insurance is IC Loan
Bird. It keeps its promises. [
Music]
Always Always
[Music]
[Praise]
Always
[Music]